today I'm buying a new camera you know
that my mom would probably say Sara
maybe you should buy some new clothes
historically I've found a very selective
5 to 10 outfits and just rewear them and
spend all my money on cameras no I was
saying how I'm buying a new camera right
now I'd like you know a genie would say
she'd be like you should buy some
clothes before another camera yes camera
well I'm so glad you asked that recently
I went to these Sony rx100 event type
thing where we tested up Sony's GoPro X
I'm just much more than a GoPro you can
watch this video if you haven't seen it
yet but it's a little tiny rx100 it's
very exciting and we got a discount code
so I'm like so I'm going to buy this rx
zero if you click this you're probably
curious about camera so I'm gonna talk
about another camera in a minute but
here we go typing in information so look
fam fam BAM Add to Cart oh my gosh I
feel like it's Christmas see this is the
cool thing about being an adult you can
work and you can buy stuff and you can
see GT this isn't your minute I could
buy what I want woman your order husband
play
the other camera that you're probably
curious about I did a video on the sony
a7r 3 honestly there's a little voice in
back my head it was like Sarah you need
this camera but after thinking about it
again I just sold my Sony a7r to because
I mainly do video I'm not a photography
person I'm an iPhone ographers I made a
video on that camera as well you can
check out if you missed it but I am
basically waiting out for the a7 s3 and
I am waiting to see if Sony puts a
flip-out screen in there a seminar
screening did you know I got the new
iPhone 10 a time lots of that case oh no
you need to send a text message what do
you do how do you get to your messages
there's no whole button how do you do it
tax message how do you activate Siri
hello so there's no home button so you
swipe up try swiping up oh yeah I just
think as we moved towards this bezel as
future we're gonna have to relearn how
to use phones you like your buzzes
Puccini likes your bezels yeah today
we're unboxing the mystery box I wanted
to save it until my mom was here so she
can help but to prepare you for this
mystery box a su a little apartment
unboxing
I've always wondered what's up guys so
it's actually the next day so we got to
the office and just started doing things
we built two desk desks so things are
coming together but it's still a mess
Xzibit hey I'm box mystery box a guys
it's me again one thing I don't know
where any of my camera gear is right now
so the audio is gonna be kind of bad
couple weeks back kicker LAN and
basically I went to the website and it
just looks like they have a lot of
gizmos and gadgets like hey we want to
send you some for your new office it's
not hashtag spawn hostage attack add a
hashtag sponsor it's just like oh my
gosh yes and be random prep you know
[Applause]
Oh
[Music]
organized PowerBait Oh something that
always be my purse is Amir but I can
also charge my phone
[Music]
and I last thing I challenge you to a
game of desk top top desk top bag toss
we're gonna do it on the desk it's messy
y'all let me ask you your tour oh what a
mess this places here we have your first
one who can get three in the hole wins
okay it's really not fair because you're
a much better athlete
that's nice first now you have first
great
did you just get that all right go for
it
- okay you know I'm kind of nervous
all right sista can you do it my mom
just beat me in a sports ball thing huh
well guys from me and solar Edison and
my unicorn rainbow pillow I just want to
say this video was weird but no for real
shout out to Jeannie the mom this was
just a mom vlog was so fun to have her
come hang out in New York City right
Thomas Edison - chuckle Edison's here we
go this is so exciting
what you account
[Music]
you broke
my poor Tosh
I'm sorry excuse I'm a somber note but
just know solar Edison is always looking
down at you from heaven anyways guys
thank you for hanging out in this vlog
I'm stoked to get my new sony RX z row
you know some videos are gonna come your
way with that can't wait for all the
action cam Slovo goodness with that
thank you mother for being in town it
was so much fun and this who knows where
this stuff is gonna go but thank you a
kid girl and for all of this fun and
stuff and if you want to check out a
recent video I just got an iPhone 10 so
if I'm making some videos on it make
sure to stay tuned let me know if you
like this video hit that subscribe
button down below
you guys Rock until next time stay
peachy okay bye
[Music]
you